hello youtubers I am 794 here guess what
I got the extremely useless and stupid
Nintendo Power why did I get this
because of one reason it came with free
goodies now actually would like NES Wii
mode scan inside and buy inside it's on
the back of the friggin bag so I'm going
to figure out open this bloody thing
well I took like 2 seconds and take this
out and I'm I read this for doctors who
can hours but this is what I got I'm
happy let's see what his skin is up
there it is and it seems to be stuck
there seems like they don't want anybody
to take it I got my Wemo right here so
I'm gonna be putting it on but not a
camera because it's gonna be held to put
on screen and I'm taking off this goo
because it looks like boogers and it's
stuck to my desk wonderful I might keep
I keep these cuz it's useful to keep
stuff in my wall in my room and damn and
are you really care about your stuff so
this is it it's just the front cover
nothing too special and remove your Wemo
jacket it's just all the borderline
instructions remove your Wemo jacket
make sure your Wemo controller is clean
and dry peel static cling from liner and
place it on your remote control smooth
the static line from the middle of the
edges unless you plan to replace it and
you're done
so it's nothing too interesting ok ok
let's take it out there is that is it
this corners gone you know why power but
it obvious Nandy instruction book and
let it's just gonna stay in here cuz
it's pretty useless to take it out
besides I don't think he came to take it
out no that's part of sticker it's a
sticker inside what the hell
ok ok I'm gonna put this thing on be
back in a second it's gone to here this
is it and this is the best I can do
there is no air bowls on it I tried my
best to remove it around yet this d-pad
but since they've called some just talk
I'm like destroying this thing already
just putting it on together but that's
the NES covering it's nothing too big
it's just look it's nothing I'm covering
the entire Wiimote because the jackets
wouldn't mess it up anyway but it looks
like deer were joining us you see the
being a bonus or right where they are
just weed a d-pad is it yeah it's it's
nothing too cool nothing too bad I mean
it's cool because it's like two NES but
it's not really that great it's just
it's just it's just it just just nothing
I got something for free
let's see now you're playing with power
Nintendo Power Ryu removable and
reusable I don't think he could trade
this thing in but I could I would it's
just nothing but that's my how I
differentiate my Wemo for everyone
else's if they don't get Nintendo power
but screw it I got something cool and I
think it's pretty epic and yeah I don't
have a cover for this thing I don't even
have we mushroom loss with the flash
what yeah I just I thought you guys
might like it so I put up I really
really am sorry with my enthusiasm in
these videos I really need to get some
through these back uh-oh this comes
out Ashley - oh I can actually convert
this into something useful on my way out
you know what I just want to make this
useful so I'm gonna take like coat off
my multi-tool I'll be back in a second
I'm gonna make this useful with my edits
I took the size of that thing and I put
on the size of the Wiimote then I took a
left front flip and I put on the front
took the back flip and I've gone back
and I took like the front square and I
tried covering up the circle by damn
girl I came out that well there's okay
so that's my version I made it little
better huh so that's my weak mode scan I
got from the antenna power I was a
little dramatic with this little thing
who cares and it's a my desk sir and you
guys enjoyed a video
I want to Wiimote that big but we know
no that will never happen you're making
a smuggle one here it is
yeah mine is better because that's a
black cover on it okay this is our born
night for something up to you guys on
YouTube peace